And I am gonna So we can't have our
conversation now.
>> Absolutely.
>> Whoa.
>> Did he leave?
>> I think he did.
>> All right. Episode four already. And I
don't think people are expecting this. I
don't think people are expecting to have
Kevin on.
>> I know one person who's not expecting
it. Carrie's not expecting it.
>> Oh, really? Yeah.
>> You might as well find out when you
watch the trash to cash tomorrow.
Carrie, he's like I I don't respond to
him for nine hours. And this is pretty
funny. Oh,
>> we got You're stuck with me. Oh, he's
trying to start some new drama, I think.
>> So, you guys recorded yesterday?
>> Yeah.
>> Ah,
>> I don't even think they know I'm going
to be on this. This might be the end of
the road for trash to cash when they
find out. I don't know. Uh
>> oh. Well, I I wasn't even going to make
that make that whole story public. But
first of all, welcome, Kevin. Thank you.
>> Yeah. Thanks for joining us, Kevin.
Really appreciate it. Honored to have
you on here.
>> Wow. Kevin, you
>> Kevin walks in the room and pulls a the
pen on the hand grenade and just kind of
drops it and says, "Hey guys."
>> Hey, Carrie pulled it, man. Carrie
pulled it. He's like, "This is just
whatever." I was like, "This is funny
cuz I sent him, you know, you send me a
message, I send him a message. It's what
I do. I'm their secretary."
>> Okay.
>> Their personal secretary.
>> Well, yeah, you have been kind of a
go-between a little bit because you your
guys are kind of hard to get in touch
with sometimes.
>> Dave is impossible. He you'll see it on
our podcast. He he said uh well, he had
to apologize because he I guess he he
said that that you uh that maybe you
blocked him from Facebook or something
or whatever. He's like, "No, no, I just
turned off all my messages."
>> Yeah. I Yeah, I I could see him
messaging me. I couldn't reply back or
something. And then I'm watching y'all
and he's like, "He might have me." I'm
like, "No, dude." And then he I think he
realized that he changed some account
setting or something like that. So
>> Facebook's kind of wonky in that way too
where they have like the marriage
between Instagram and Facebook and the
messaging system can kind of get weird
sometimes. They have like primary and
they have like
>> use it Facebook for me is impossible. I
don't know Lonnie if you sent me
anything over there or not. Uh it is
impossible. There is so much I I mean
there are literally hundreds and
hundreds of messages a day on there. So,
I don't do anything, but I do a little
bit on Instagram.
>> Other than that, it's it's a phone
number. It's impossible.
>> This isn't the way I thought this was
going to start, but do you do you but do
you ever feel like do you ever feel like
a lot of guilt um for
not replying to me? I feel guilt for not
replying to comments and messages
constantly. I feel terrible every like
every day for years because so many
people trying to get in touch and like
there aren't enough hours in the day and
even when you say it and even though
people I think kind of understand it, it
still comes off as like unappreciative
and like big time and like
>> do you feel guilty about that?
>> All the time. All the time. Um you know
I tell Dave this life isn't made for
those who are cursed with
self-awareness. I wish I was more like
you, Dave. You know, that's what I tell
him because it's the truth. I It's I
feel that way all the time. Now, where I
I've finally given up feeling guilty
about it is the people that message me
on eBay about non eBay stuff because
I've sat there so long. I'm just like,
listen,
>> I can't. Or they're sending me messages
about, hey, you want to buy this from
me? I'm like,
>> I can't do that on eBay anyways. I'm not
going to send those messages. Yeah, I'll
meet you at the corner store down here,
whatever. And I make them pretty public
on on what I really care about the most
is the flipper channel and those people.
Those are like hardcore, you know,
people. There's a smaller audience, but
>> but you know, I tell them on that
channel,
>> don't send me a message on Facebook.
Don't you know, here's how you can get
in. I I tell them now about our our
selling site and I will take messages
over there because that means people got
to come over to my selling site.
That's literally the only place that I
that I could do it.
>> I I do appreciate you um because when I
did say I was having trouble
communicating and then you said here's
my phone. You gave me your phone number
which I really appreciate and uh you and
I have been contacted like communicating
like that. It's been perfect. Now the
Carrie situation I don't know what he's
going to say yet.
>> I don't know.
>> It doesn't matter. It's
>> whatever it is. It won't be serious. No,
it well I don't know if it is or not,
but I hope I hope not. But the messaging
worked fine. Seemed to work be a-ok.
Okay, Johnny on the spot when he was
asking me to do something.
But
as as soon as I as soon as the t the
roles were reversed and I did look man,
I came on y'all's show and I tried to
give a good performance and I think I
did. I held up my end of the bargain.
>> You did. You did for sure. As soon as
the roles were reversed,
>> it would be, "Hey, Carrie, you want to
do it?" And he he'd answer me. And then
I'd say, and then I' I'd reply and then
it would be like I went a whole week
with hearing nothing.
And and then like finally I got him
again, I think, after talking to you.
And then we talked back and forth once
and I replied again, and it was like
another 24 hours.
>> But you forgot one thing, Lonnie. You
forgot what you told him on the podcast.
>> It's really really hard to do dailies.
And when he originally contacted right
at the very beginning, it was before he
was doing dailies.
>> See? So there you go.
>> Well, that's our re Okay. Well, you know
what? We'll go ahead and use that as
>> Listen, I will say this
>> about Carrie. He Carrie is a kind He
really is kind and and gentle
>> and very very nice and he would do and
he's a great guest on podcast, too, by
the way. And I think I think we should
also mention as well that he did he did
say that he would come on
>> at one point in your messages, right,
Lonnie? He did. He he said he would come
on, right? But then
>> I don't know what he's going to say on
the podcast. So I'm just I don't either.
I don't either. So I kind of want
>> I want to hold my fire because
if this guy buries me, if he buries me
on their podcast, I might want to change
>> I'd love to see Carrie bury anybody. I'd
love to see cuz because he buries me all
the time, but as when the podcast is
over, sometimes I get a message from
Carrie. I'm sorry, dude. Did I go too
far? It's It happens all the time. Like,
Carrie, it's all right. If I'll tell you
if you went too far, it's it's fine.
>> Well, whatever.
>> Makes it funny. I think the quick quips
really good.
>> Maybe maybe we can get together on a and
and and get them on here. He
We'll see. We'll see. But but yeah, no
no no no hard feelings. I mean, I
thought I was pretty polite and
everything to him, but at some point
>> Oh, yeah.
>> at some point I was like, "All right, if
it's that hard, then maybe it wasn't
meant to be, you know."
>> Well, Dave Carrie's a terrific guest. I
I mean that Dave is a terrible guest. I
mean, he's terrible. He can't
>> Okay. Well, we we won't have him on
then. We'll take your word for it. We
won't even invite him.
>> Some famous
>> That was easy.
>> Famous guest appearances
on different places that didn't exactly
go well, but
>> Oh, really? I didn't know about that.
>> Yeah,
>> we might we might kind of shift. We
We're kind of considering shifting
gears, though. There is You could
potentially end up being the most famous
guest we ever have on this podcast.
>> It's possible.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, Amber's not going to like that.
>> Uh, well, you're more f
You're not You're not better than Amber,
but you are more famous than me.
>> I'm not smarter than Amber. I can tell
you that.
>> No, you're not. I I pretty smart girl.
Oh yeah.
>> None of none of the three of us are
smarter than Amber. I promise that she
in my former life that I don't talk
about much. I knew three people who were
actuaries and two of them I I went I
didn't go through the process, but I
watched them go through the process of
doing that testing. I'm like, "Oh,
gosh."
>> Yeah.
>> It was like their entire life was
consumed by it and I'm like, "No, thank
you. Not
>> Go ahead, Lonnie."
>> No, no, no. You go ahead, Ryan. Sorry.
Well, I was going to say you just said
something kind of interesting like their
entire life was consumed by it. That's a
question that I think we wanted to ask
you. Lonnie, you mentioned it to me
earlier. Um, how do you have the time to
do everything that you do? And Lonnie,
you can expand on this because I know
this was your your question.
>> You know what I would like to do first?
I I would like to I would like to let's
go ahead and talk about everything that
you and those that work with you do
because when I watch I've been for
years, man, I've I've always respected
this about you.
>> You're Kevin's work ethic
>> is ridiculous.
>> I think it's unmatched.
>> Yeah, I think so.
>> And I know you have help. I'm not saying
you don't, but your work ethic. So, so
let but before we get into that and
before you poo poo it and say, "Oh, no.
It's not that big of a deal. I can see
you doing it already."
Before you do that, let's talk about
what you do. What is What is your your
first channel you ever started?
>> Uh, Comwalth Picker was the first one I
ever started.
>> And was that your first time on YouTube?
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. You go back and watch
the first video. Carrie still teases me
about it to this day. I mean, it was
bad. First of all, I look like a P cuz I
was I don't know why I was so skinny at
the time. And I filmed it, you know,
vertical vertical and I did it with my
phone and I just had it, you know, I had
been watching you, Lonnie. I'd been
watching you, Pete. I've been watching
all these folks and and Crazy Vamply and
just all these people I've been
watching. I'm like, man, I I think I
could do this. The only problem is I
have no technological skills whatsoever.
So, I grabbed the phone and I I had just
bought a uh one of those big puffer polo
jackets that they call the I don't know
if I can say suicide, but I just did
>> the downhill skier jackets. I just
bought one at a parking lot sale. I'm
like, "Oh, this will be great for a for
a video, right?" And I filmed it and it
was so bad and it's still up. It's still
my first video over there. And I was
like, "You know what? I I'm very
habitual as you can see with what I just
put in my mouth. Always have been my
whole life. So, I got to be careful what
my vices are.
>> Wait, what did you put in your mouth? I
didn't see that.
>> Yeah, it it tripped out there for a
second.
>> Is that dip? A dip or something? You You
got a dip in?
>> Well, it's zone. Zone zone. Zen, same
thing. Yeah.
>> Oh, you know what? I I'll join you.
>> Baseball coach for There you go. I was a
baseball coach for years and years and I
I I had tobacco in my mouth from 16 to
35.
>> Better than tobacco at least.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Anyway, I did that and I told my
wife, I said, "I'm going to do this
every day for a year, no matter what.
I'm doing it every day for one year. If
it works, it works at a year. If it
hasn't worked,
>> I'm calling it off and we'll stop."
>> And I did it. I did it every stinking
day that first year. Matter of fact, I
went on for longer than that. Maybe 500
days in a row or something like that.
>> So, you did you you set out to do it
every single day and you did it?
>> And I did it. Yep. So after one, you
know what? I I want to come back to
that, but I want to I want to cover
everything you do. All right.
>> Okay. So, and you started another
channel, right?
>> I did because of some guy that that did
the same thing.
>> I I I I don't have your work ethic
though and your follow through and your
dedication. So,
>> well, you won't won't let me poo poo
that, but I will just say there are
other people that I know in this space
>> that work far harder than me, and I
can't believe that they do it, but
whatever. We can get into those a little
bit later. Um, I mean, Dave is one of
them. I got to be honest with you. This
guy is It's 4:00 a.m. 5:00 a.m. in the
morning. And he play a lot though, too.
So, maybe you got to subtract that time.
He he he's
>> Man, I don't know if he's the absolute
hardest worker I've ever seen in my
life. Most productive. There's a few
more in our space. Bearded thrift
machine. If you ever watch him, I it is
insane the amount that he does because
he does the same type stuff and does it
>> Are you talking about ADHD Dave? ADHD
Dave.
>> Mhm.
>> Wait, you're saying he's a harder worker
than you?
>> Yeah, there's no doubt about it. I think
anybody that knows him would say that.
>> I don't know him, but that that is that
is
>> that's surprising.
>> That is shocking. I never would have
guessed that.
>> I I don't think you knew this and I know
Ryan didn't know this. Dave is is far
bigger YouTuber than any of us probably
will ever be.
>> Yep.
>> I saw his cooking channel.
>> The cooking channel, right?
>> Yeah.
>> I was shocked when you sent me that
link. I was like, "Wow."
>> Yeah. If if all the effort was going in
the same direction all the time, there
might be different results, but there
it's undeniable that he works
unbelievably hard and he's extremely
productive on top of it. It's crazy what
he can do. Anyway,
>> uh yeah, so I started that second
channel.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
Commonwealth uh
>> started it was Flipper was the second
channel.
>> Flipper. Yep. And it was
>> Yep. And it was purely because Lonnie
did it.
>> That's
>> And then you have another channel
>> and there's a lot
>> garage sale Nation. Which one is that?
>> So Garage Sal Nation. I started a
Facebook group called Garage Sale Nation
>> that was about highway sales and you
know locations of highway sales and
stuff and it it grew. It's pretty big. I
don't know how how big it is. 40,000
something like that.
>> 42.8 last night. Hey, I looked I joined
it last night. Yeah,
>> there you go. It's I don't do much over
there. Um I have uh um somebody that
helps me out a little bit with it, but
it's it's only it's Richard Opnip drops
flips if you ever remember Richard. He's
a great guy.
>> He does it now, but
>> Yep.
>> I Yeah, you got it.
>> He he helps with it, but it's grown. It
grew pretty big and then it dies down
when there's no highway sales and then
it kind of gets more activity when the
highway sales come back up. I use it for
marketing more than anything.
>> Okay.
>> Um and so I started that then I started
Garage Salation um YouTube channel to
kind of I was doing like reviews of
highway sales and I put them out there
and then each year and they'd spike a
little bit and I had some people that
went to them did videos and send them
and put them on there. But then I turned
it into a shorts channel. I remember
that
>> it was really a placeholder.
>> It was a placeholder channel
>> where I could store that stuff. It makes
a little bit of money, but now I use it
to post to use repurpose to post onto
Facebook. So, it's a collection area
that makes a little bit of money, but
then from that hub, I don't have to post
to all my different platforms. I can
just hit a button and repurpose them and
they can go to in Instagram, they can go
to Tik Tok, they can go to Facebook and
it makes it and uh what else? X as well
>> and so I don't have to post them
everywhere. I just post them in one
location.
>> Okay. So
>> So then you have on top of those then
you have the new your is do you have
anything else or collections?
>> Commonwealth collections just started
it. It is a um I was torn because I
wanted to do this for a long time
because I wanted to reach a different
audience because we have our own
reselling site now and I wanted to hit
nonresellers to to draw people to
>> that site and I thought this would be a
great way to market it and I could make
money on top of it and doing
collections, doing top 10 lists. I've
done five or six now. I just filmed one
today, this morning. Got out there in
the freezing cold uh shed because it's
cold up here. not as cold as where
Ryan's at. And uh I'm just doing top 10
videos. I just filmed one on Tupperware.
I do I did one on troll dolls. And
>> I was looking at that channel
>> wrestling figures
>> shortly after you created it. And I
thought to myself, I was like, you know
what? And I still think this I think
there's a chance like if you stick with
it,
>> that could be your biggest channel.
>> Yeah,
>> I think there's a good chance of that.
>> I think I think you're right.
>> It it it's all evergreen videos. That's
what doing the cooking thing, which is
all evergreen. And I actually I I did
something that with the the picking
channel, I didn't want to date any
videos on the picking channel other than
having the the comps on there. And so if
you watch one of my videos from a year
ago or now, doesn't really matter.
There's there's not a story line that's
going through it. And because those
videos are evergreen, I'm sure Ryan, you
you know that too. and and Lonnie from,
you know, the videos that you did from
garage sailing, those things pile up
views over time. Yeah.
>> And continue and sometimes spike. So, I
decided I would do that with the picker
channel
>> and not do story lines, not do multiple
part things and all my storyline stuff
would go on the flipper channel.
>> Those those evergreens are a uh infinite
money glitch.
>> They are.
>> Yeah. Because flipper videos, as as
Lonnie knows, are not
>> Yeah. You got about you got a good you
know you got wait may three or four days
and then it's pretty much over on to the
next right and every now and then one
will do a little better.
>> So you are that's all of your YouTube
exposure there pretty much.
>> Yeah so let's see one two three four
YouTube channels and then of course
trash cash podcast. So I guess that's
five
>> that one too. Trash to Cash. Yeah. So,
uh, all right. So, you have those and
then you sell on eBay, right? Still
>> right now, I'm only selling on eBay and
then our own site and those only two
places I sell. I have um, you know, we
used List Perfectly for a while and and
it's it's so hard to keep up with
everything. Matter of fact,
>> I I wanted to keep my reselling mom and
pop
>> to some degree. It's more relatable. You
have a bigger audience. I didn't want to
become, you know, the guru and the the
guy that's this is how you make a
million dollars on whatever and just
this is not me anyways.
>> And so I thought, okay, I was always a
part-time reseller. I taught for two
decades and I was a reseller the whole
time and I did it in this amount of
time. I was like, I'll just be a
full-time content creator and I'll still
resell 20 hours a week. And so I kept it
pretty much the same. But as the years
go on here, I'm seeing so much
opportunity in reselling. It's like, did
I really want to start this new channel
or do I really want to pour myself into
into the reselling? And I think I
figured out a way that I can do both.
And well, I guess time will tell.
>> So, how many listings do you have on
eBay right now?
>> Um, I think close to 1,800, 1700.
>> Oh, that's a lot. That's a That That's
pretty much about That's a That's a
little more than we have, actually.
We're We're a little low right now.
>> My sellrough rate isn't great, though,
so that helps. Ours is
>> Tupperware doesn't fly off the shelf.
>> Ours ours isn't that great
lately. I don't I don't know if
anybody's is that great unless they're
just selling like, you know,
>> silver and gold and stuff, but
>> I have been doing a little bit of that.
I did see interrupt you but I did see
your anniversary for your eBay store
>> and uh and I was looking I'm like I
wonder if I've sold more than Lonnie has
because you know I don't want to bring
drama into this but one time on a show
Lonnie said
>> oh boy
>> oh no
>> well we got to spice this thing up man
you got to get some views
>> Kevin Kevin's going to drop another
grenade here get ready guys
>> I I look man don't don't make me bring
out my secret my secret war chest I
don't want to go there tonight, man.
>> I was I want I really want to be
friendly. Okay, what you got? Come on,
Kevin.
>> I told you I said this to you face to
face, so I figured I could say it. I
said
>> Oh, you can say whatever you like, but
yeah.
>> He was on a show one time and he called
my shed a showed. I'm like, "Wait a
minute. I've been selling for a long
time. I've been doing this long before
eBay." Now, granted, it is a show [__]
I I will say I set it up
>> to make it look
>> Yeah, but the context was that you know
this is the real deal here. But and I
looked and you have 40,000 sales on that
store. I have 35 on this store. I've had
two other ones. I still don't think I
can get to your 40k, but I can get a
little closer. So that's impressive.
40k.
>> It's taken a long time. And we we've got
and we've had we've probably got between
other avenues um probably about 10 more
thousand between selling our own stuff
and then Poshmark, Etsy, Mari, you know,
all that stuff. But yeah.
>> Oh, and then uh you know the box
resizers and stuff like that. But
>> yeah.
>> So but you also sell on you have tell me
about your own platform too. Well, you
noticed when you were on our podcast,
you know that you had a viewer that was
adamant that we were only having you on
to get you to sell on our platform,
which couldn't be farther from the
truth. But
>> yeah, you know, I didn't think that,
right?
>> Is this the dibdit thing?
>> It is. It is.
>> So, you own this you own this platform
personally?
>> Yeah. Me, me, Dave, and Car. I mean, own
maybe a little bit of a you know, you're
in cooperation with somebody else, but
Yeah.
>> A private is it like a private labeling
kind of situation?
Is it is it like a private labeling kind
of situation?
>> It's like
>> Yeah, it's kind of kind of like, you
know, like a Shopify store that you
would brand the way you want it, but
it's Shopify store, right? It's the same
idea
>> and we've branded it and me, Dave, and
Carrie um own it, I guess you could say.
So, I sell live over there. That was on
my list to talk to Ryan about. I wanted
to ask Ryan a question, but I'll I'll
keep going. will ask you to met and I
never was much of a live seller and you
know and both of you famously were not
live sellers and adamant about it and a
lot of what you said I agree with for
for quite a while but at the same time
you got to look at trends and stuff and
it's like okay a bigger portion of the
reselling community not a bigger portion
but a growing portion of it wanted and
needed information about that and talk
about it and I did go sell over there on
the black and yellow site for a while
because they pay me.
>> And I told him from the get-go that as
soon as you stop paying me, I'm I'm
probably not going to do this. This
isn't my gig.
>> But I kind of enjoyed it. It was a way
you could communicate with people like
we just talked about. You can't
communicate unless you're doing lives or
stuff like that.
>> And I was making money off of it.
>> But my model is not for that. I don't
buy in bulk. I I mean, you gota you got
to buy and buy and buy and sell. I'm not
just a natural-born salesperson that's
going to, you know, this is not me. I
like the process of eBay. I don't mind
sitting around and I don't want to
constantly have the pressure to have to
buy by by and perform all the time.
Plus, it's a lot of work and shipping.
But, we decided to do this because those
guys, Dave and Carrie, were whatnot from
the beginning and like live life selling
and I'm like, I'm going to do this and I
have enjoyed the heck out of it and it's
been growing. So we'll see 2022.
>> Is Dibd Dit just a live selling platform
or can you list on it like you can on
like eBay or something?
>> You can list on it, but I mean we don't
even have 20,000 members over there. So
the likely and and a good portion of
them are resellers themselves. So you
know it's like
>> you can list over there but static sales
are few and far between. We have some
coming every day, but it's, you know, if
you list a 100 things end of the year,
you're probably going to have 96 of
them. You know, it's like I don't
encourage people to do it at this point.
Maybe someday, but it's predominantly a
live selling site and it's doing we've
sold 1 point I think approaching 1.4
million over there so far.
>> Wow.
>> So, it's doing okay.
>> Okay. And and y'all collect like a
commission like or fees like eBay or
whatever would.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. I get uh 1.67% of every sale.
>> Okay. And who runs dibd? Who like like
what is the like what company? Like what
parent company or whatever?
>> District.
>> Okay. So that's the thing that Pete's
with too, right? Doesn't Pete do this
too?
>> There as well. Mhm.
>> Craigslist Hunter for those of y'all
that
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And and Pete So Pete sells live on
on his as well.
>> He doesn't do it much, but he does do
it. He probably, you know, he could
probably accuse me of of doing what
what, you know, you know, copying
Lonnie, you know, because he was over
there first. What I don't think he knew
is at the same time we had we were
already in talks and trying to do it and
uh and we went ahead and did it and it's
been it was not easy and it takes up a
lot of time and between the three of us
we get most of it done, but it's
definitely not easy.
>> Okay. So, do you sell anywhere else?
>> Uh, not right now. Not right now. I sold
on Bonanza forever. I sold a little on
Merkari and Poshmark over the years, but
I've stopped doing all of that. It's
just eBay. It just makes my life easier.
And a lot of that stuff's going to sell
anyways. And it's like,
>> you know, you do have some viewership
and that keeps the sellrough rate, you
know, I'd say 20. I don't know. I I'd be
curious to know what Lonnie's how what
percentage of items do you think sell to
viewers because people ask me that all
the time. I'm curious what you think. I
think mine might be a little higher than
yours because I promote it. Right. Yeah.
I don't promote it. Uh I would say maybe
I don't know. I'm just taking a stab
because I don't have the numbers, but I
I would say maybe uh 15% 15 to 20%
maybe. It might even be a little lower
than that. Back when I was doing shout
outs, it was much much higher.
>> Yeah, that's the big difference maker
there. Yep.
>> And when you did shout outs was a time
period where people had easy money in
their hands too,
>> right?
>> You know, in co and it's true. a lot
different for me that the this the the
viewer sales were much higher. And it
also depends on what you're selling.
They're not going to buy a car part.
>> True.
>> Right. Unless it's Wayne or something,
>> right? Buy 50 of them.
>> And then so so you you mentioned Oh, and
I I would like to in fairness, my
opinion of whatnot
>> is we can talk about that a little bit.
It's
>> it's at least it's at least five years
old at this point. Right.
>> Right. Yeah. I mean, so like my opinion
on these live selling sites is much
different today than it was back then,
even though I haven't done it before,
>> right?
>> U that I I I I recognize that like live
selling is definitely uh definitely a
thing, you know, and it's
>> I don't want to I don't want to stock
like we don't get stuff in the volume
that you would need to, honestly.
>> And you know, we
>> I just lost you.
>> I do. Okay.
>> I don't know what I did to my screen,
but I can't find you. Hold on a second.
Keep talking.
>> Okay, sure.
>> There we go. You're back.
>> I don't I just don't know like at this
point the way that our days kind of run,
I don't know what we we give up to fit
it in. Like we would have to drop
something else we're doing to actually
fit it in.
>> You know,
>> that's actually what I did. I I because
you're making lower margins live selling
anyways. Mhm.
>> And then I'm like, and you know, but can
I bring somebody in to help? And that's
what I did. And so you mentioned the
people I work with. It's Dave and
Carrie. It's so overblown. It's
ridiculous. They they're so full of
crap. I have the people that work with
me are my wife lists a
I don't know somewhere between 20 and
50% of our listings and she helps me
ship a couple nights a week with the
smaller items. And then I have Jess and
she comes in. I mean, sometimes there's
weeks where I don't see her at all and
then sometimes she's here for 20 30
hours in a week. And she is in charge of
all the live selling, all the live
shipping.
>> And she does help with eBay. Makes
>> sense.
>> Um with pictures and organization
more now than she ever has. And that's
it. My daughter helps with the merch.
>> My son doesn't help at all. 30 work
force. They're full of crap.
>> How long did you sell on whatnot? Just
out of curiosity.
>> Um, the first one I ever did. See,
here's the thing, and I want to get your
>> your thoughts on this cuz Ryan was a big
hater. If you don't remember this, a big
what?
>> I was adamant. I was very against
whatnot.
>> Yeah. And I kind of get it, right? And
there was the whole But at the same
time,
>> I was wrong about one thing. I I
predicted that live selling was going to
die and it was just a fad. I was wrong
about that. But I do stand by originally
and I can explain. No, I'll let you go
ahead. But
>> you don't even need to. I'm not I'm not
even arguing. A lot of what you said I I
still agree with today. Of course, it's
easier for people with content creators
and of course you can abuse your
following and you can get people to buy
and all that stuff.
>> It wasn't really with me. It wasn't
really about the abusing the following.
Mhm.
>> The pro the main problem I had with it
was that whatnot was paying creators to
sell this story that
>> you know anybody can join the platform
and make all this money.
>> That's what I had a problem with cuz
it's just not true and a lot of people
were getting fooled by that at the time.
>> I totally agree. Matter of fact,
>> so that was that was the main thing I
was against. Um, but not that you guys
watched all my content or whatever, but
when that stuff was going on, and I
still to this day, like they did one
thing where there was a bonus where you
could you could get $200
if somebody would sign up and sell
>> and they were pushing that. I'm like,
I'm not doing it. There's no way. I'm
not going to sell pie in the sky to
people because, yeah, some people can
sign up and sell, but you got to have
this long line of criteria in place for
you to be successful over there. You
have to have some kind of a personality.
You have to have you have to buy stuff
dirt cheap. You have to be able to have
the capacity to sell or to to ship it.
>> You, you know, you have to be able to
get consistent inventory. There's so
many things that most resellers not only
can't do, but most of them just don't
want to do it that I'm not going to for
200 bucks tell them this is the greatest
thing in the world. At the same time,
there are some people that it's fit for
like a it fits like a glove. And so, you
know, I don't necessarily blame Whatnot
for kind of pushing that side of it, but
yeah, if you wanted to come over and get
15 free bucks or something in my show,
fine. Have at it.
>> Right.
>> But it was pretty smart what whatnot did
as far as how they marketed this thing.
>> Oh, their marketing was genius.
>> It was brilliant.
>> Yeah, it was. I I I will I will say
though that I do see because I've been
paying a lot more attention to Facebook
lately as you probably noticed and um I
I see a lot of whatnot sellers there,
>> ton of whatnot sellers and I see the
things that they're selling and I submit
that there is a lot of crap getting sold
for more than it's worth on whatnot. I
I'm telling you, like I see I see him
like, "Oh, look at the stuff we're gonna
have in our show tonight." I'm like,
"What?"
>> I'm like, "That's stuff I wouldn't list
on eBay."
>> A lot. You know, I'm not saying every
time because there are some people
listing high quality stuff, but there's
a lot of uh influencers still selling a
lot of crap for a lot more than it's
worth because of who they are. That's
still going on. That's just a fact. But
I was also wrong about about live
selling in general, though. I don't I
don't have the same opinion I did 5
years ago.
>> Yeah, I I think you're right. There's
examples of that. You can find it, but I
actually think there's far more in the
other direction. Just we don't see it.
There's a lot of high dollar stuff going
for 50% of eBay. There's way more of
that going on,
>> okay,
>> than the other way around. If you look
at the biggest folks over there with the
biggest audiences,
that's happening from time to time. I
mean, my uncle I have my uncle is he
runs on whatnot all the time and his his
numbers are insane. He sells more. I
don't know if he's making more than me
because my margins are better and and he
has full-time job and he makes as much
very close to what I make reselling and
he has a full job.
>> Wow.
>> And he is a primarily a whatnot seller,
but he's changed his sourcing to to the
niche that he's selling in and he
travels and gets mass quantities. So
there's definitely a place for people to
do it. Where I think it's difficult is
what I've tried to do and I don't see
many people trying to do it. There are a
few that are creators, which is trying
to do both and trying to do both, right?
It's not easy. And like when I want to
sell, you know, I look at something, I'm
like, that's going to sell for $22 on
eBay. Do I really want to put it on this
show for a dollar? And we have a smaller
audience over on Dibbit. So there's
stuff I'm losing losing money on, right?
over there.
>> But if you start cherrypicking,
>> if you start cherrypicking yourself too
much, then you remove all motivation for
people to come watch you in the first
place. Right.
>> Exactly. Right. So, when I decided I was
going to do this, I was going to do it
hopefully. Right. Which means I'm buying
more inventory and eBay merchandise is
going on Dibbit and eBay merchandise is
going on eBay. And that's where I think
I'm at right now. But it requires buying
a lot more and I couldn't do it without
help. There's no way. It sounds like
you're more of a um
it almost sounds like based on what
everything you said you're doing and the
and the the people you have in place,
it almost sounds like you're more of a
CEO of Commonwealth Industries than like
like a guy like me who I'm still
>> I'm I mean I'm still just like I haven't
changed.
>> You know what I mean? I'm pretty much
doing the same thing I've always done. I
haven't really we haven't really grown.
Uh we're just I I I would say we're
probably buying and selling a little
better items these days, but um yeah,
you have like really taken off. Would do
you consider yourself more of a CEO type
or general manager type?
>> I'm having a bad connection here. I hope
you guys aren't.
>> No, I think our
>> the right one here. I think I should be.
>> Were you able to hear me?
>> My good internet. I heard most of it. I
think I caught the the gist of it. I I'm
>> I think you're right. I mean, I come
from I was a baseball coach and I had
three different teams under underneath
me. So, I would coach the varsity team.
I'd manage the JV team and I'd select
everybody and what it's and I'm a
teacher and
>> it it it fits my style as to as to what
I want to do.
>> The reselling itself, I I don't do
everything on the eBay side like I used
to because like I said, my I do still
ship. I still pull orders. I still list
items, but I do have help for my wife
and increasingly
um when I'm super busy, not right now
because it's not sourcing time. Um Jess
helps with some of that stuff, too. But
there's not some big enterprise around
here that I can promise you. I wish
there was, but there is not.
>> Can I tell you something? I'm gonna get
a little spicy here.
>> I'm gonna tell you
>> I'm gonna tell you something that has
always bugged the you know what out of
me. about your flipper videos.
>> All right, go ahead.
>> Oh,
do you know what it and this has nothing
to do with with uh with a beef or
anything like that. It's just me
watching the
>> video this and put it on Facebook. Maybe
I should record it and put it on
Facebook and then we'll get we'll get
this. Here we go. We'll get that on
Facebook.
>> Well, yeah, it might not it might not
make the final edit because we Ryan is
going to edit the crap out of this to
make you to put you in a poor light as
possible.
>> I taking down Kevin.
>> No, I'm kidding. Of course. But no,
dude. Like, this has always bothered me,
but I think it also I understand why you
do it. Y
>> and I think I think it's effective.
Ryan, go ahead. You know what? I'll let
Ryan say it. Maybe. But maybe because
earlier it sounded like y'all kind of
still have a beef and I kind of like
watching Ryan.
>> I guess we do.
>> I guess we do. I didn't I didn't realize
going into this, but I guess we do.
>> You want me to say it?
>> One thing with Ryan. I put it on the
list. We got to keep it real here. I
mean, have the the whole Kumbaya thing
going on over there that people a lot of
people are like, I didn't even know
there was a problem. I'm like, that's
good.
>> Well, you know what? But really, the
there wasn't really a problem other than
a few instances like the podcast or
whatever where I made it public. Other
other than that,
>> we basically just didn't talk to each
other ever.
>> Right.
>> Right. Like that's it was just radio
silence. That's all it was.
>> But that's why nobody knew, you know.
>> Yeah. That's good. That's good.
>> But yeah, Ryan, go ahead. You know what
it is. Ryan figured it out.
>> Yeah, I know what it is. So So what
drives him crazy is you'll title your
video about a topic.
>> Am I Am I right, Lonnie?
>> Yeah, you're on. Yeah, I already know.
Ryan knows me. He knows how.
>> And then you will not answer the Say
it's a question. Say the title's a
question. You won't answer that question
upfront in the video. You will make the
viewer watch the entire thing and
explain it a little bit here and there
in between each order pull.
>> It's maddening.
>> It It's for retention.
>> And I understand I get it. I understand
why. I understand why. But I really feel
like in my opinion, this is just my
opinion.
>> It makes the information extremely
difficult to get and it is just it is
maddening, dude. It is such a Oh gosh,
because it's like, dude, I don't care
that you sold that.
>> You're not the only one, Lonnie. You're
not alone. You're not You see, you just
said it though. You don't care that I
sold that thing. So, I have it both
ways. I have some people that don't want
any topic. They only care about what
you're selling. And then you have people
that only want the topic. And so, you
can't suffice both of them. So, I've
done three different methods before.
I've never done a video that I can
recall that's specifically about one
topic. and that's it, right? So, I think
once people know that, I want people to
watch the everyday
what's selling on eBay, but you can't
title every video what's selling on
eBay. And it's those titles and that
information that make them somewhat
evergreen. And I have had quite a few
that that aren't really evergreen videos
or what solds, but have that topic in
it.
>> And then I've frontloaded the the topic
before
>> and I've strung out the whole topic. And
that's what I do most of the time and
continue to talk about it. And
>> what performs better generally?
>> Um,
>> and how do you gauge how do you measure
that performance?
>> It's it's tough to say. If it's if it's
a video about a specific topic that is
really the center point of the video and
it's a really good topic that people
really want to hear about, those videos
will perform better. But you can't come
up with those topics every 3 four day.
You can't you just simply there's just
not that much, right? And so I want to
hold an audience for the long term and
that's about, you know, that's why I
kind of learned this from Pete actually
um just watching his like why do I love
watching this so much? And it was the
characters that in his original stuff,
the people who worked with him, the
bird, all this, he had characters and
everything. And so that's why I took a
lot of heat for, you know, why you put
your kids in your I wanted people to
watch it like it was an 80s sitcom
>> who were resellers and to not even have
to pay attention to it and to be able to
work and to get a nugget here or there.
Mine was never really intended to be
teaching and I don't think Lonnie is
either. It's really about the process.
Um, so I think long-term the strategy
has worked and it's a it's a pretty good
core audience for it. That's my best
answer I can give you.
>> Yeah. It pisses me off though still
because because I'm like I'm like I'm
like, "Oh, okay. All right, Kevin, you
got me. Your title, your thumb. I want
to see it's it's like it's over, you
know, or something like that, right?
It's all over. I quit or something, you
know?" It's like, "Okay." All right,
Kevin, you got me. What did you quit?
And I click on it and I'm like, "Oh,
God." We have Oh, I gotta sit through
this. Oh, but first, let me pull this
this Tupperware lid for $768.
And I'm like, "Come on."
>> From from a from a you from a YouTube
metric standpoint, it's it is it's it's
very smart what you're doing.
>> Yeah.
>> Totally. I totally get it. I totally get
Look, a lot of times
I will a lot of times when I put the
provocative titles on there, it'll I'll
be arguing against the provocative title
all the time, knowing that the
provocative title is what is bringing
the audience. So, let me see if I can
come up with an example like um you
know, hundreds of people are, you know,
thousands are quitting eBay because of
this or everybody's quitting eBay or
something like that. And then I talk
people off a ledge for 20 minutes in
between what's sold.
>> And those videos just perform better.
There's a lot of people who misery loves
company and they want the complaints and
they want whatever, but they don't
really want to quit. If they wanted to
quit, they would have just quit.
>> They wouldn't be watching a video about
it.
>> They're tuning in,
>> right?
>> You got it. You got it. So, it's really
I I kind of, you know, yeah, this is a
struggle. This is whatever. But
>> you control your own destiny kind of
thing. And that's that's just the way
that's that's the way I coached. You
know, if you want to hook your if you
got a bunch of 10 tenth graders in your
classroom, you want to hook them and you
want to hook them by knowing you're with
them, you agree with them and then lead
them to a place you want them to go. And
that's makes sense.
>> It totally makes sense. And I'm not I am
not uh dissing your use of clickbait or
titles or thumbnails because because
whenever people say, "Oh, that's
clickbait." Well, of course it is. We
make the videos.
I want to bait you into clicking on my
freaking video. Obviously,
>> your Crown Royal like your Crown Royal
stuff in the back like the Crown. Wasn't
it that one? Like you That was a great
one. I'm like, wait a minute.
>> Or people said we wouldn't sell these
and we sold this many or whatever. I
mean, look.
>> Oh, that is what it is.
>> Oh, we had Oh, yeah. Oh, that was a bad
one. I I I do clickbait occasionally.
Not not as much as I used to, but yeah,
there there was one. No, no, there was
one that was really bad. I typically try
and make my titles I'm like
>> they're always they're pretty much
always honest.
>> Not a lie, but clickbait.
>> Not a lie. But on that particular one,
we had I had like this is from a some
bulk buy we did. We had like I don't
remember what the number was. It was
like 50,000 stickers, right? and we or
whatever or maybe it was 10,000 stickers
and you know it ended up being like if
you put them all together
>> I remember this
>> it fit in a box like this big right and
I was like and of course the title was
we sold 10,000 of these in one day
>> right
>> it's like that's like saying that's like
saying I bought a 100,000 of these in I
bought a 100,000 of these yesterday and
it's like oh sheets of toilet paper
right or you know what I
See, and I don't think that's dishonest.
It's called clickbait for a reason,
right? It's And I would challenge people
to haven't been dishonest in any of
mine. They have been very misleading at
times, but they're not dishonest.
>> Yeah,
>> maybe that's the same thing. I don't
know. I did the one that I did that I've
done it twice and it worked both times
was I was accused of not paying for this
item or something like that
>> on a picker video and one of them did
extremely well and people and I didn't
pay for the item like I I I bought all
this stuff we told it up and I paid for
this but I didn't pay for this one that
was that was part of the bundle
something I screwed something up I screw
stuff up all the time at yard sale
>> sure
>> and most time it hurts me
>> but I didn't pay for it and they're like
nobody accused you anything and
whatever. I'm like I'm like it an
accusation doesn't have to be false to
be an accusation. I said criminals get
accused of stuff all the time and it's
true,
>> right?
>> So they they do they do not like that.
But let me tell you, the views go crazy
and the subscribers come. So
>> you you know what? I I've got another
thing and this is not a this is not this
is more of an observation. It's not
something that makes me mad, but it's
something I've noticed about you, Kevin.
Oh,
>> you take like you with all your su and
Ryan already knows this one. I'm gonna
do this one myself. Ryan,
>> go ahead.
>> With all with all your success, all your
platforms, all your channels, all like
just huge success, which you should be
extremely proud of. And this probably is
just it's probably just a part of the
double-edged sword of, you know, of that
that you get when when you deal with
Kevin.
you still take all of the any kind of
criticism you get in your comments, man.
You let it get right right through to
you and it like I've seen so many
instances of you in there defending
yourself and I'm like, why is he doing
this? Do you do you ever feel like you
you do you ever feel like you should
like do you wish you could care less?
>> Like seriously?
>> Yeah. I I tell Dave all the time, I
said, "I wish I was more like you." Um,
it's for it's two reasons. One is it
does it always has affected me like
that. I don't like criticism. I never
have. Um, that was what was tough. I I
will give you credit, Lonnie. You have
helped me get along the road of not
caring because it was it was a rough go
because I like as we talk about on our
podcast, I watched you forever. I
admired you. I did whatever. I'm like,
man, this guy doesn't like me. And I
feel like I haven't done I think I try
to be self self-examining. You know, the
unexamined life is not worth living,
Socrates. And and I always try to look
at myself and I I try to make sure that
I'm doing the right thing and whatever.
And I can be pretty pretty tough on
myself, but I don't like it when
criticism is wrong. And I I never have.
Anybody, it doesn't matter. It could be
my parents. It could be my wife. It
could be whatever. If somebody is saying
something about me, I view it and think
about it as an attack.
>> The secondary reason that is very
beneficial is over the years those
videos have turned out to be
pretty good because if it's a critique
not necessarily about me but is
applicable to other resellers,
there's some camaraderie there. And a
lot of people don't like, you know,
scumbag resellers and this and that. And
so there's, you know, I have a lot of
people tell me just just ignore it. Just
whatever. I'm like, I could ignore it
>> or I can make a video about it.
>> Now I have a topic for the day.
>> And it's it's heartfelt
>> because I that's really how I feel.
>> Oh, I I there's no doubt in my mind that
it's genuine because I see the passion
you have in in your replies. And I'm
like, dude, you're making yourself look
But sometimes you do make yourself look
pretty terrible uh just by argue because
sometimes you you are like some things
are factually just incorrect
>> and it's slanderous or whatever, right?
Some that that is the case. And some
things are opinions like you're greedy.
>> And I I think and I I hear that a lot. I
think all resellers are going to hear
that to some extent. And you know what?
There's there's some truth to that.
>> Of course. Of course.
>> Yeah. And the person making the comment
isn't Well, you made the comment on I
think it was one of your podcasts
>> or maybe it was ours. I don't remember.
But when I find when I type it out,
>> it doesn't always you don't get the
tone. You don't get the emotion. You
don't get So, when I get those, I
usually I respond from time to time in
comments if I think it'll it'll it'll
make an argument and people can chime
in.
>> Um, but I like to say it. I like to to
give the whole context to the argument
and I think I think a lot of people
enjoy it. Look, people aren't I came to
the conclusion a long time ago. There's
going to be a good amount of people no
matter what you do that just aren't
going to like you and that's I'm okay
now.
>> I'm fine. And and I just continue to
make videos for people that do like like
there are people
>> they rip me all the time for you know I
did I posted a video on Facebook today
where I bought a ton of Bed Bath and
Beyond stuff from a from a kid. I don't
know how old he was. 14 maybe, I'm
guessing. And boy, there are people
gonna be I haven't looked at the
comments yet. They're gonna slam me for
doing that. I mean, I got
>> Did you pay Did you pay what they asked
or did you like uh did you negotiate
them down on their price or did you pay
what they asked?
>> Now, he's asking a $150 a bottle.
>> Okay.
>> And I got three bags worth and what was
on the table for 100.
>> And I don't know how many there were.
Probably well over 100, 110 or so. So,
no, I didn't pay the full price, but I
also didn't count them.
>> Oh, I wouldn't either.
>> Yeah,
>> for sure. But I'm just like, you know,
don't talk to kids and don't whatever.
I'm like, I used to get paid to talk to
kids. That's what I do is I talk to
kids. I'm okay with that. It's not like
not like mom wasn't sitting there. I I
signaled to her. I'm like, is this okay?
Of course, I didn't put that in the
video because I wanted people to get mad
at me. Now that that that's what I've
always done anytime I've ever dealt with
a kid and like negotiated a price or
something like that because I have
before too.
>> I always I'll never like I don't mind
negotiating with a kid,
>> but it there's got to be a parental type
or an adult figure there. And before the
deal is done, I okay the final terms
with the the you know parent or adult in
charge first. I don't let I don't just
like I don't keep it quiet with the kid
and then pay him in here and then scram.
You know what I mean?
>> Have you ever Have you ever done what
Ryan did? Have you ever done what Ryan
did and the famous went back? You know,
he I blame Ryan for all the people that
say you should go back and pay that
person more because Ryan went back and
did the whole charity thing with that.
>> Did I Oh.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
The charity stuff.
>> Yeah. Like, man, you making us resellers
look way better than we are.
>> Wait, what? Wait, what happened to you?
>> Do you remember that, Lonnie?
>> No.
>> This was very early on. I So, we went to
this yard sale and we we met this woman,
this it was like this nice older lady,
and we got talking to her. I don't
really remember how, but we got on the
topic of like what she does in her
personal life, and she said that she
works at a uh I think it was a soup
kitchen.
And we're like, "Oh, okay." And then
like after the fact, after we were at
the yard sale, we're like, "Oh," me and
Pam were talking about it, we're like,
"We should we should like do something."
And that's the other thing. She has a
yard sale like every weekend. So, um,
after we went there the first weekend,
we were like, "We should do something
for her, like for her soup kitchen or
whatever." And that's when we made our
first t-shirt.
>> Do you remember that?
>> Yeah, I do. I remember now. And um so we
made the t-shirts. We sold I can't
remember how much money we made. It was
a lot. It was over a grand.
>> I bought
>> What's that?
>> I said I bought one. I think
>> Oh, thank you, Kevin. I think I do
remember. Yeah, you you bought one.
>> I'm going to sell it on my flipper
channel.
>> Go ahead. That's fine. I won't be mad.
>> Put a shot at Lonnie. I'm sorry.
>> Oh, sorry. I'm sorry,
>> Kevin. Kevin. Yeah, but I don't I I I
think I think you might be under the
impression that that like me
that I still harbor I I I'll be honest.
I feel like you still harbor and I I I
can't really blame you. I guess I I feel
like you still harbor some resentment
here. I'm It's No, I'm serious. I'm not
even laughing.
>> I'm not even laughing.
>> Be perfectly honest.
>> But wait, wait, let me finish. I I feel
like you still harbor some resentment.
>> Let me finish. Maybe maybe you feel like
I have some hidden of my own and we
haven't had a chance to work work any of
these things out. We haven't talked
since the last podcast other than to set
this one up in fairness. Okay. And we
should probably talk one-on-one
privately.
>> Um but dude, I have let go I like on my
end. I have let go of anything like any
kind of bad feelings or anything. And
but if you if we still have some stuff
to work out, I am more than willing to
work that out with you because I
>> I'll be happy to talk to you. I can tell
you this sincerely. I have no no
animosity whatsoever. I'm just bringing
it up to be funny for the podcast. Maybe
watch it. That's the only reason I did
bring it up on another podcast in order.
See, you were magical, Lonnie, in the
week that led up to you coming on our
podcast. And I noticed it. Ryan noticed
it, too.
You strung that thing on just perfectly.
You threaded that line perfectly. You
just like you did when you were live
that day. You were giving people Oh, you
do too. Don't get
>> I'm just good old Lonnie in the shed,
man.
>> You're watching the viewership. When you
bring up somebody's name and you bring
up a little beef or whatever, you watch
that viewership. Let me write these name
starts to get low. It starts to go on
like it was perfect. It was
>> Oh, we're going to talk about that one.
Kevin, Kevin, Kevin,
>> Kevin, let me I'm going to be dead
honest with you on that.
>> Yeah,
>> I really was going there.
>> I really was I that list I was making.
>> I really But then I I looked at the chat
and I thought about things and I looked
at the chat and the and every and there
were so many people saying, "Don't do
it, Lonnie. Don't do it."
>> And I was like, "You know what?
>> It's Christmas, Lonnie.
>> It's Christmas." Yeah, exactly. It's
Christmas, Lonnie. Don't do it. And I
was like, you know what? They're right.
They're absolutely right. But now it
looks like it was some like honestly I
wish I would have been smart enough to
come up with that.
>> But that was all real. The whole thing
was
>> I thought it was brilliant. So maybe I
should maybe I'm giving you too much
credit.
>> You are.
>> And the Facebook post. This is just
building up.
>> I'll vouch. I'll vouch. He did not plan
to do that.
>> No. At all. No, on that show.
>> It is funny though that people watch and
like I knew immediately like as soon as
you as soon as you mentioned my name, I
had five text messages like within
minutes
>> and then you sent your and then you sent
your muscle in to see what was going on.
You say, "Carrie, get over there. See
what's up."
>> Well, there was a we had we have a
Discord. We have different, you know,
people. And so Carrie had got messages,
too, because he had mentioned him. So he
I didn't send Carrie over there at all.
I wasn't once it was there. It was a
little push from Dave. I think
>> when you sat down at your desk and
started writing down creators names,
dude,
>> the the the concurrent viewer count went
bananas.
I'm like, this thing is getting shared
so many times right now.
>> Oh, let me tell you another thing that I
think Let me tell you something that I
think is hilarious is
>> I'm losing you here.
>> I know. I think it's your internet,
dude. You You freeze every now and then.
I know I know your guys make fun of your
internet, but yeah, I won't make fun of
it. But look,
I've been having fun with uh Harold
Tornado, as they call him on your show.
>> Um mentioned that in the Harold Harold
tomato. Yeah.
>> Harold Tomato. He
>> he's been in our comments.
>> Yeah. He is so mad that I bring up the
fact that my episode of Trash to Cash is
so far outstripping his with views. He
gets so freaking like he'll laugh it
off. Oh, I'm just joking. He ain't
joking. He has commented on this fact
like three or four time different times.
He hates it. He hates it so much. Do you
think he would do our show? Do you think
he would do this podcast? I bet I don't
think he would.
>> I don't want to I don't want to answer
for him. I think
>> No, I'm not. I'm asking you.
>> He said line. Well,
>> if it I think he would. Yeah, I think he
would.
>> You think so?
>> For sure. I can uh you know ah man, this
is terrible. I hope this doesn't last
for very long. I have it on my good
internet here. This is what's disturbing
me. Maybe if I can get this off of this.
Maybe I'm on here. I don't know. We'll
keep going.
>> Well, we'll find out. We'll find out if
he does.
>> I don't know. You know, you guys
remember when there was quite a bit of
animosity with Josh that and and it came
out and I kind of kept myself separate.
I was in the mindset of I'm I'm I felt
like an OG reseller even though I I
wasn't on YouTube as long as some some
other people because I've been doing it
for 25 years and I kind of wanted to
keep that. That was my audience. It
wasn't the whatnot hype audio. It wasn't
that. And so I kept my distance from
Josh. And I actually called him one time
because the first time he had the flip
clown, I wasn't going to go. And I
didn't go. And the second time he did
it, he asked me again. He was He's
always been nothing but polite and
generous to me. I'm like, I don't think
this is fair. I don't have to agree with
somebody 100% of the time on everything.
And I'm like, I'm gonna go. And I
apologized to him when I was there. And
I owe that to Dave and Carrie because
Dave's like, "What? You're an idiot."
He's like, "This is business. This is
what you do. You just do whatever." And
I was always kind to him. I never ripped
him or whatever. But that was just how I
felt. And I apologize to him. And he's
been nothing but nice ever, ever since.
We tease each other all the time. He
teases me, but he's been nothing but
nice. That hurt me, Alani, more than
anything is when you were okay to make
up with Harry Tornado publicly and say,
you know, I don't have anything. But not
me.
>> Wait, when was that? When did I make up
with Harry?
>> I don't know. You didn't really make up
with him. You said something on
something one time like
>> I can't remember what it was. It was
like, hey, there's kind of a whatnot
kind of a twist to it.
>> He I don't know. This is old. This is
old, really old news. But he would do he
would needle me every now like he would
like one time he used he had he had my
channel in a thumbnail and he'd be like
yeah some of these guys
>> some of these guys when they make their
thumbnails and this is still true to
this day. My thumbnails aren't good. I
get it. Like he he'd be like some of
these guys like like Lonnie he just
throws his he just he just takes a
screen capture from his video like
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think you might have said
that on our podcast.
>> And and he here's the thing with him is
that I think a lot of times he may not
be the most self-aware individual
around like he may like he he'll offer
things that he thinks are actually
helpful or maybe not really that rude
and they and they come off like is as
may and maybe I'm just sensitive. U
they'll come off as like hyperritical
uh weirdly hyperritical. that that
that's what I've gotten from him. But
again, I've let go of that. But
>> yeah,
>> I do have more views on Trusty Cash.
>> Oh man. Yeah. Like I think it's when you
actually meet somebody sometimes and you
get to know him and whatever like on and
of course his his wife is is terrific
and whatever. He
>> it's just a different it's a totally
different atmosphere. He's very and I
taught I taught every kind of kid you
could ever possibly teach, right? I
mean, I taught thousands of kids over
the years, and so I just relate them all
to those kids. And I know, not that Josh
is a kid, that's not what I'm saying,
but the personality types. And he's very
he's very optimistic about everything
that he does.
>> And
>> his optimism,
he thinks it should apply to everybody.
And I I know it doesn't, and he probably
does, too. I think that may be what what
people sense sometimes with it. But you
know what? If I had my choice to be
around somebody like that
>> or you know Debbie Downer, it's a
nobrainer to me.
>> Of course no brainer to me.
>> He is I'll give him that. He He has
always been delusionally optimistic and
you know what? It's worked out and the
delusions become reality.
>> You know what I mean? It starts off
starts off as a delusion and he's turned
it into reality cuz he's uh
>> that's how you become successful is you
kind of have to have that level of
delusion
>> and you got confidence and lack of
confidence and people attacking being
arrogant and whatever and and you know
what
>> if at the end of my life somebody wants
to you know would I rather be a failure
and not arrogant or you know people view
me as arrogant because people view me as
arrogant all the time too and it's just
like you know
>> really
>> I've never I've never thought
I don't I don't get that. I don't get
that vibe from you at all. I've never
gotten that vibe from
>> bragging about your sales when things
are going poorly for somebody, you know,
but I mean, I've done the video, this
this kind of goes along the line we were
just talking about where,
>> you know, don't trust these eBay YouTube
resellers. I've done that video every
once a year. I do that video once a
year. Don't trust these eBay. And then
then I go about describing who you
shouldn't trust. And I'm describing
myself the whole time, the entire video.
I never mention anybody else's name,
>> but I still make the points
>> that there's a lot of crap out there.
There's, you know, the same stuff that,
you know, I I used to appreciate Pete
when he would get on live shows and he's
like, "Yeah, I'm selling my my u my uh
not playing what do they call my course
soon and I'm doing whatever." There's
still a lot of BS out there.
>> Yeah.
>> And I want to keep my distance from it.
>> You know, that was kind of the
atmosphere of of YouTube reselling
whenever I started. Um, it the
>> Do you want to mention any names?
>> No, I don't. I'd rather not. But I mean,
>> it was like the course people versus the
people like you, Lonnie,
>> right? Like the
>> Yeah, that was a really big thing back
then,
>> dude. The the the course people or
however you want to say it. And which is
fine, dude. Like whatever if that's what
you're into,
but it was over the the the YouTube
reseller space was overrun with those
guys.
>> And it it's not like that anymore. No.
>> And I and I'm happy about that.
>> Stuff plays itself out.
>> I I do want to say one thing though. You
mentioned something about Ryan
um about Ryan's chair charitable thing
he did with the lady.
>> And I do want to I got to go to bat for
my guy here because after knowing Ryan
for as long as I have,
>> Ryan is
the most charitable actually good person
I've ever met in my life. I believe that
for sure.
>> What my comment wasn't critical by the
way.
>> Oh, I know. I know. But and and now now
having said that, Ryan also is he's no
dummy. He's he's he he recognizes the
fact that you know that kind of stuff
will play well on YouTube.
>> But Ryan is the same guy whether he's
gaining from it or not. Like Ryan, so I
I just I I have to say that because Ryan
really is. And Ryan Ryan is not only the
best person I've ever known,
>> but
>> I'm not perfect.
>> No, he's not perfect, but he's none of
us are perfect.
>> What about Pam?
>> Pam? Oh, Pam is a terrific Pam.
>> But
>> but he's made me a better person, too.
>> And um so I I I have to say that about
my guy.
>> Thanks, man. I I love I love my guy and
he's he's been there for me for, you
know, so I do want to put that out
there. He he he is a
>> no doubt about it.
>> So I I I didn't I I didn't I I couldn't
let that that go. Although he will
market he will use that to help market
things from time to time too. Of course.
>> Yeah. And I've done that too. I do that
with you know we I I don't like talk
about much of it and we do some of that
stuff and I took a lot of crit criticism
and a lot of people don't believe it and
I started to post like receipts because
it ticked me off so bad.
>> Right. I've I've seen what you've done
whenever you say if you you know if you
you you challenge people to donate money
and then you say I'll match it and I've
seen that and I respect that.
>> So I got
>> that's something worth mentioning as
well like with my charity thing and and
that's that's a big thing like when I
did that I was very young on YouTube.
That was within like the first eight
months of us doing YouTube at the time.
And we never I don't think we ever
really did a a uh a charity thing after
that. And that that was on me because I
didn't want like I like I know that's
the thing. I know my intentions are
pure, right? And like I really do have,
>> you know, the the intentions in my
heart, but I didn't want it to appear
that that wasn't the case.
>> So I never did I never did a charity
thing again.
>> But then you do less. And then who
>> No, I still do stuff in private.
>> No, I'm not saying you do less effective
for the
>> I'm not saying I'm not saying you do
less, but I just mean cuz I feel the
same way, too. It's like, oh, people are
going to think I'm doing this to benefit
myself. But now, who are you who's
really hurting from from my perception
of that, my perception of what other
people think? The charity is hurting cuz
we've done I don't know if you remember,
but we did
>> we did the big check one time, right?
Like,
>> you know, the the giant office check,
uh, Michael Scott check or whatever. We
did the $10,000. We we raised $10,000
for American Cancer Society because that
was something that was important to us.
>> Yep.
>> And I the same thoughts went through my
head. People are going to think this is
just me trying to
>> It's a weird awkward thing.
>> But what's it matter?
>> What's it matter?
>> You know, so I think it opens up two
doors and sometimes it can be bad. I
don't know if it's happened to to you,
Ryan, but I've done that. We've done it
for for St. Jude. We did Ronald McDonald
House. I've told the story a few times,
but I had a one of my ball players
literally died on my field.
>> Wow.
>> I mean, he was just I mean, he he
survived, but he was dead, if you know
what I mean. I mean, it took the
helicopter, whatever, coma for whatever
>> and St. And not St. Jude, but um
>> Wait, what do you mean? Can you go back
to that? You said he survived.
>> He had a massive cardiac arrest and he
had
>> like Demar Hamlin situation.
>> Yeah. He had no vitals and they
>> but but he came back from it. He they
they got him into a we we all thought
and were told by a few people that he
was gone when they took him off our
field and we were already prepared for
that and we got news, you know, half an
hour to an hour later that that there's
a chance. But anyway, wow,
>> the story
that's when I learned CPR at that point
because I'm like that's never happening
to me again where I can't do anything.
But thank goodness we had some folks
there. And so we did that and then
immediately after we did some stuff with
that,
we got I got I got letters in the mail,
you know, this is my situation. can I
have this is and you can't you know back
checkck all this stuff all the time and
I'm like so we started to do stuff
privately through just oneoff sales of
of merch and Lonnie knows a lot about
selling merch and stuff and we did that
and we still do it to this day and we
occasionally do stuff on digit for stuff
like that but it is
>> it can open up a can of worms like I got
my bookkeeper I'm like you're keeping
track of all this stuff right because if
somebody's going to do an expose video
I'm gonna have the receipts right
>> for this stuff cuz it opens you up. I
mean, I'm not going to mention the
creators, but there's a couple creators
out there that get caught on the on the
rug for this stuff.
>> Yep.
>> And it's like I don't want to go down
that road and it does discourage people
from doing that. So, there's a lot of p
That was one thing, Lonnie, and I I'll
say this and honestly, there is no
animosity. It's why I'm here and I
appreciate more than anything you
reaching out and and doing this whole
thing. It's been amazing. But, um, now I
kind of lost track of what I was going
to say.
>> You're talking about receipts.
Yeah. Yeah, that was it. I can't Oh, no.
I can't remember. I'll get it in a
minute. I'm getting old. It's all right.
>> No worries.
>> Oh, now I know what it was. You live and
learn. You know, I was never on social
media before, right? So, what is
acceptable and what is not acceptable
um is can be blurred. And so, for
instance, if I I was so thankful to you,
like you helped me with a mug. this
guy's sitting here setting the world on
fire selling mugs and then I say, "Hey,
Lonnie, I want to sell these mugs. Help
me out with shipping. Do whatever." And
I it never crossed my mind that, you
know, I might be stepping over some
lines here. I might, you know, if I'm
commenting on one of your vid, Lonnie, I
commented on your videos almost from day
one. I just didn't do it under
Commonwealth Picker because it didn't
exist. I I can go back to those video. I
can show you my comments under probably
my baseball coaches, my my name. Oh,
really? you know,
>> and so I kept commenting and whatever
and I kept and I'd send you something
and do whatever. And I'm like, now that
I'm a content creator, because I get
those messages all the time and help
from people or come on my I've done
three podcasts this week and I want to
help people out. But,
you know, there are lines that are that
you shouldn't cross and different things
and you learn those over time like what
is acceptable and what is just kind of
clinging and trying to take clout
>> and those are things that that I had to
learn along the way as well.
And that may have been part of part of
the issues that that you may have seen
from me. And I did that, you know, with
I'm trying to think the very first time
I did a uh remember the thousand
subscriber giveaways that were a thing.
Everybody would do these when they hit a
thousand people or whatever.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um, I did one at a hundred
and I figured something out at a hundred
subscribers and I just wrote down the
names of anybody who commented and I put
him in a hat and I pulled it out. Turner
pulled it out so I wouldn't cheat. And
he pulled out the name of a somebody
thrifting 101 on my channel and they
were the hundth subscriber giveaway.
I didn't know it but they had a huge
channel back then, 10,000 people and I'm
like, "Oh, cool." and I sent her a bunch
of stuff that she won and she put it on
her video and my channel blew up.
>> Oh wow.
>> I gained like 800 people in two days.
>> I'm like, "Huh?"
>> And so, and I didn't do it on purpose.
I'm like, "Dang, I hope the thousand
subscriber works out like this,
>> right?" You know, so there are things
that people manipulate
>> and do things that can bring some
animosity to other folks behind the
scenes. And I I wouldn't wear any of
that stuff. And it took me a little
while to learn. Like for instance, when
I met Ryan, here's your here's my beef
with Ryan, which is not the
>> No, no, you mentioned quite a few saw
you, Ryan.
>> What's that?
>> Do you remember the first time I ever
saw the only time I ever saw you
>> in in Cincinnati?
>> Yeah.
>> I went down I I was up in my room, I
think, and I came down to get something
at front desk and Ryan was there and I
was like, "Ryan, nice to meet you."
Whatever. And I said, "I got something
for you later."
And I I gave it to you later that day.
And I went back upstairs. I told him I
was I don't I don't think he likes me
very much. I don't know what it was. It
was
>> It might have been me. It might have
been
>> That wasn't the case.
>> I I'm sure it wasn't. He probably like,
"Who's this guy coming up to me at the
desk?" kind of thing. But I started
>> No, I know who you were.
>> And I gave everybody I gave Lonnie
something there. First of all, I gave
every I brought, you know, Moonshine,
whatever from from Virginia. And it was
Lonnie was hosting, John was hosting,
Pete was hosting, and and Ronnie was
hosting. And so I got all of you guys
the exact same thing for putting this on
and doing all that work. I was like in
heaven. I was a a you was a reseller my
whole life and watching this stuff. I
was a fan and I was starting to gain
traction,
>> right?
>> And so I brought this stuff. I brought
something for Ryan because he he you
shouted me out on your show.
>> Yep.
>> I can't remember why. at you and Pam
when you were filming in what sold or
something and everybody else in that
room that I knew would be there that did
the same for me. I could go with a long
long laundry list. Um even There you go.
Put that on putting it on Facebook. Um
even uh Rob
>> I don't know yet. I'm not sure yet if I
I'm not sure if I want to disclose or
not. Justin was there as well and I gave
him something and gave everybody
something. And then it was at that at a
certain point I thought, you know what,
what do they think that the the point is
this just clout chasing? Is this just to
get more press? Is this just I can
honestly tell you it absolutely had
nothing to do with it because there were
many people that were there that had
very small channels, had very and I did
it for all of them and it it was
intentional and it was it's just the way
I am. And I was extremely thankful for
what for what you guys had done for me
because my life was changing forever
>> and it would not have done it may have
happened. It certainly wouldn't have
happened as quickly cuz Lonnie said
stuff about me on his channel. I learned
about I could give you a list of 25
>> social media resellers that I learned
about from watching Lonnie show at
least. And so yeah,
>> I apologize that you felt that way. That
that was not my intention. I honestly
I'm I'm trying to think back. I can't
remember
>> I can't remember you giving me the
stuff. I remember the stuff though. I
remember sitting in my hotel room.
>> You had too much of that stuff.
>> Well, yeah. I remember sitting in my
hotel room and looking at the gifts that
you had given me. I was like, "Wow, that
was really nice for it." So,
>> I don't remember what I said. I'm But
I'm sorry if it came across that way.
That was not my
>> I was probably making no sense running
up to you at the thing. I just wanted to
say hello.
>> Yeah.
You know what? Um,
>> I think your kids made made me something
as well.
>> I can't remember what it was.
>> They did. Probably. Who knows what it
was? My daughter used to make
everything.
>> You You know, you you
>> This is like a full circle thing. You
know why Ryan and I are doing this
podcast right now? it it we wouldn't we
would not be sitting here right now
doing this podcast if
I didn't do that Christmas party show
>> and Carrie came in and then he you know
we ended up doing the invite and I ended
up doing your podcast and I had so much
fun and it made me miss this dynamic so
much that talked to Ryan and he's like,
"Let's do it." Like, he he was all in.
We The only reason we're we're doing
this podcast right now is because of the
trash to cash guys.
>> Like, the only reason I'm doing it
because of them. I saw the dynamic that
they two those two had together and I'm
like, I got to get on on this. This is
too much fun. Because you you hit the
nail on the head and I don't know if you
guys are monetized yet. I assume you
will be
>> close. Probably after this one.
>> It might be. This might be the show that
gets us there.
>> Yeah. Cool. Well, you could had John on.
Just saying, Lonnie, that would have
that would have been like set the world
on fire, you know.
>> Well, I I've been thinking about that
and um I don't I don't I'm sure John
John I don't know where he's at right
now, you know.
>> I think John is very similar to me. He
He can let dead dogs lie, but it's a
better option than not. That's what my
guess is. He's always been with me.
>> You are talking about Cincinnati Picker,
right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. I
mean,
>> story about that. We we've actually
we've actually
we've actually never fought or anything.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but yeah, we went through a time and
we actually did we were talking a couple
of years ago. It was it was okay. It was
whatever. Haven't talked to him in a
long time still. And I do want to have
him on this show. I do. And I hope it
happens. But I can't just now I'm I'm
kind of in a spot where I want to reach
out to him, but I don't want to reach
out to him and then John comment below
>> and then and then go, "Oh, by the way,
you want to be on our podcast because
then then the
>> then it looks like I just reached out to
them to get some clicks and I don't want
it to be like that." Yeah.
>> I don't want the clicks that bad.
>> You know what I See, it's back to that
dynamic that we talked about. It's like
you want to do things that are mutually
beneficial. You want to do things that
are real and you don't want to do.
>> But sometimes they're it's just like the
charity thing.
>> Sometimes both can be true
>> and that's the best of both. And it's
just difficult to somehow come to the
conclusion what those things are.
>> And at the same time, everybody's going
to have an opinion on it.
>> Yep.
>> And you just got to let it go. The
people that see it negatively.
>> Yeah. And there'll be, you know, there's
people out there in social media world,
small names, big that that don't like me
and don't trust me. And I've come I'm
I'm okay with that. All I can do is I
want my kids to like me. I want my wife
to trust me.
>> You know, we've also got there's also a
group
there are there are those that watch I
think there's a lot of people that watch
both of us. Obviously, you have a bigger
audience than I do, but there's a
there's there's a lot of people that
watch both of us and like both of us,
but then there's a certain I don't know
how many of these there are, but there
are some people that are team Lonnie and
they're a lot there are some people that
are team Commonwealth or team Kevin
>> and
they do they probably hate this right
now and they've actually been they
they've actually
>> but they're watching They're watching
though,
>> right? And I I've seen I've seen a
couple of them in the comments like uh
and you probably I'm sure you've reading
the comments uh from when I did your
show,
>> y'all's show. Um there's probably some
that kind of you're like, "Oh, that's
some Alani's people."
>> You know what I mean? And I'll probably
>> what you going to do, right? I think the
one thing in this business, the one
thing that is like an immediate turnoff
for me because I could be friends with
just about anybody.
>> But the the people that come to me and
say, I can't do this with you because
you're friendly with this person.
>> Oh, right.
>> I am not all about that. If you're
telling me, hey, as long as you keep
your, you know, I don't know that, that
can be a little rough. And you know, I
mean, look, we're all we all are flawed
in many, many ways, including myself.
And it's just like, what are we going to
do? Is a litmus test for everybody? I
just No, thank you. I don't want
anything to do with it. So,
>> yeah.
>> But I gota I gota in I know this is
going You guys are trying to do an hour,
but I talked
>> Well, I I I keep looking at the clock
and I'm like I I can't pull the plug
because
>> Right.
>> I don't know if this I don't know if
this guy's going to come back or not.
Well, that's You don't have to cut
anything. Everything's been great. Um, I
wouldn't haven't cut anything any Well,
I don't know about that. We've cut a
couple things very cash.
>> It's gotten too hot before,
>> Lonnie. Do you remember? Oh, yeah. Oh,
yeah.
>> Okay.
>> A couple.
>> Interesting.
>> Not very often. I didn't I wanted one
thing kept that got cut and that's
pretty rare. I think we cut some stuff
in our old old podcast that we did a
couple times to be Yeah, that was after
transparent.
>> Just to be car shot about the Amber
Heard trial.
>> Did you see that on Maybe it's coming
out this week. I can't remember.
>> They're like, I was so disappointed the
podcast ended because because you guys
were going off on pop, you know, what's
going on in the world. I'm like, man,
this is this is like risk. I always
admired the fact that you're willing to
put put everything at risk,
>> but I'm like, yeah, because you know,
you get political, you get religious, it
gets touchy, but you want you want
people to to see who you really are
without it being a channel about that.
And then a podcast is totally different.
You can really get to know people a
little bit better.
>> I I had I I self-edit my I I edit myself
a little better than I used to. There
was maybe one day I'll tell you, but
there's another universe where this
podcast starts off really weird.
>> As a matter of fact, you know what? Can
>> this podcast long and Ryan's podcast?
>> No.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> This show,
>> this episode right here.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. But I'll
>> Should I tell them now?
>> You want to do it?
>> Do it.
>> I'll ruin it now.
It would. Ryan, it I shouldn't even
>> You said at the beginning it didn't
start off the way you thought or you
would. So now I'm curious.
>> I don't know. Maybe we should just leave
it there.
>> Uh maybe maybe next time. Maybe next
time.
>> Uh hat story I got to do. Do you
remember
John was selling on one of those live
YouTube auctions one time? You guys, I
think you did it before, too, which I
thought was a little hypocritical coming
out against live selling a year or two
later, by the way. But John was selling.
>> You keep trying you keep trying to beef.
But go ahead.
>> Hey, you told me my my videos were
clear. I took it like a champ because it
was right.
>> Because it's true. It's based.
>> It's true. It's based. Yeah,
>> it is.
But anyway, John was selling on one of
these things and I was bidding
on this like because I was getting close
to a thousand subscribers and I wanted
my thousand subscriber giveaway hat to
be a John Cincinnati Picker hat.
Actually, that wasn't why I started
bidding. But you threw in I'll pay this
much for that lot of hats if you throw
in your Cincinnati Picker hat. I'm like,
oh, now I got to get this. And then I
threw in I'll pay and this was I didn't
have any money. I was a teacher. I was
just getting started. the YouTube money
hadn't come in. The in man hadn't even
started to sell, I don't think. But
and I said, "All right, I'll do it. I'll
bid." And Lonnie's bidding me up, man.
I'm some poor school teacher and I end
up paying $150 for this lot of hats. But
I got John to sign that hat and we did
give it away. But do you remember
bidding me up or do you just remember
that [__] You probably don't even
remember it was me.
>> I don't remember, dude. My You have no
idea. Like sometimes when you bring
things up that like from like from five,
six years ago, I'm like I have no idea
what the hell you're talking about to be
honest. Like that's how bad my memory
is.
>> But that's I mean that should be a you
know for me it's like everybody has a
different perspective and you got to
always remember that.
>> You have a memory like a steel trap,
man.
>> Oh dude, I can remember like everything
in that shed. Like I remember where I
bought it. I remember how much I paid
for it. It's pretty rare that I don't
know exactly. I don't know what it is,
but I know it.
>> I used to be that way, but I think I'm
just getting old. How How old are you,
Kevin?
>> I'm 40. I'm almost 49.
>> Okay. I think when I was 49, I could
still do a little better at it. But once
I hit
>> once I hit 50, man,
>> remember this, Ryan. Remember this.
>> I know what I got what I got to look
forward to, right?
>> No, you know, no. You know what? Ryan
Ryan is my best friend. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Gathered that
>> and I'm just thinking like Ryan Ryan is
uh Ryan just hit 30. Okay.
>> Yeah. Big three.
>> I am.
>> That's interesting age gap there for
that.
>> I know. I am 52.
>> Mhm.
>> When Dude, Ryan, when you're Dude, when
you're 40,
>> you know how old I'm going to be, dude?
>> 62.
>> You're going to have to get a new
friend.
>> I'm gonna Dude, what are you going to
do? you need to start developing a a new
friend now because
>> like man I ain't got that long.
>> Honestly, that's what that's what I kind
of liked about Ryan when Ryan started
and and I should I know we're getting
along. I should ask you one more
question I had for you. But I have
always been I've been an old soul and I
always try to show difference. I do it
to this day even though I haven't talked
to Pete in years because he was the very
first and then I watch Lonnie I'm like I
I can't do what Pete does. he's got a
storefront and like but Ryan from the
get-go was always very respectful of the
people that came before him and that was
very endearing to me as a slightly older
guy and I think that's a lot of what
we're missing in some of this and just a
little bit of that goes a long way when
because I get people coming up to me
like oh I I started selling it's like it
blows my mind that that that I could
help somebody along a path that made
them successful
But that's the way I viewed other
people. So it's like why couldn't that
be true here too? So but that endeared
me about Ryan. But the question I had
for you is
>> I know you had a baby and all that but
what was the impetus for starting for
stopping because you were on a
trajectory
>> to just the world away.
>> I'm talking about the reselling. I'm
talking about the the garage sale
content. Yeah.
>> Okay. you first of all you got to live
in a tough place to do that and have
enough content. But
>> well yeah that that's one thing is is
winter. Um but
>> a couple things I think I talked about
this Pam and I did a podcast for like a
very short time and we kind of talked
about this a little bit. This was like
two three years ago. But um it was it
was two main things. Number one was was
the baby. You know we had less time to
do the reselling thing because we both
worked full-time. we were part time. We
were always open about that.
>> Um, but I think the catalyst that really
like pushed us into switching gears and
not doing that was actually, and
actually this is a good question I
should ask you,
>> is we had negative reactions
in public when I filmed.
>> Yep. We had um we had this guy harassing
us really really bad like yelling and
screaming at us for just minding our own
business and filming
>> and it was really uncomfortable. It
really rattled us like a lot. And we had
our we had we had Ryan with us. Um he
was like one
>> solo picker.
>> I don't Yeah, I mean it was it was
another garage sale shopper. Yes.
>> But um I don't know if they knew who we
were. I'm not sure. But it was very
negative. It was scare, a little bit
scary. And like I said, we had our we
had our son with us at the time and he
was very young. He was just in a
stroller. And after that, we were kind
of done. We were we were kind of done.
>> I that's what I thought the answer would
be when I asked it. So I wasn't positive
cuz I didn't hear that. Uh
>> and it was unfortunate. Um, now I look
back on it and it was like, you know, I
I I think it was the best thing going
forward. Um, as far as like our life and
stuff, but um, at the time it it really
sucked. It sucked because it I knew that
we couldn't continue down that path even
though I wanted to.
>> Yeah.
>> But that's a real issue. I mean, I still
>> I don't know. I guess
>> Have you ever had anything like that
happen?
>> Very little. And certainly not with my
wife there. And that's a big that's a
big difference, right? My wife will go
pick a little bit, but not much.
>> Have you ever had someone contact you
and say, "Hey, I was in I I've had I've
had similar situations to Ryan and that
I I haven't talked about it much."
But I have actually had people reach out
to me and say, you know, hey, I don't
want to be on YouTube kind of thing.
I've taken I think Ryan's taken videos
down because of that before. Have you
like as as long as you've been doing
this and as many garage sales as you
filmed like have you had like like what
is have you had these negative
reactions?
>> One time as far as somebody contacting
me after the fact. It's happened one
time and they had one request and their
request was to take their face out of
the thumbnail. They didn't care about
being in the video, whatever. They just
didn't want their face in the thumbnail.
And of course I did it um at sales
before
>> very few times maybe five times in all
this time period somebody said you know
>> would you not put put me in of course
that's a no-brainer.
>> Um one thing I do all the time is I
immediately when I'm going into a yard
sale I try to get the person having the
yard sale on my side just being very
friendly saying hello good morning
whatever. That way if any other issues
come up because there is one guy locally
who will if he sees me at a sale he goes
right to the yard the person having the
yard sale and say that person is filming
that person.
>> Okay.
>> And I'm not hiding anything. Good lord
man. This thing's fre I mean I'm not h
I'm not doing these little glass and
whatever. This is very obvious and I'm
always very upfront with people and if
it's a situation that might be a little
touchy I'll tell them in advance
and and ask them if it's okay. Would you
ever That That's what I was That's what
I was wondering. Like I I got to the
point where I started like I had issues
to the point where I started questioning
myself and thinking, "Man, I'm this
middle-aged dude with a camera on
and I feel like I started feeling like a
creep."
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? And I was like,
the only way I will the only way I would
feel not like a creep is if I went to
the person running the sale and I said,
"Hey,
I want to film at your garage sale. Do
you mind
>> yes or no?" And then they give me
permission or not. And I wasn't willing
to do that. So I stopped.
>> Yeah. I get,
>> you know, like I get it. So, I mean, do
you ever feel like do you and and man, I
would I would feel so anxious?
>> Yep.
>> Wearing that camera and walking up and I
would see especially if there was
weren't like if there was nobody else
there. You know how sometimes there'll
be like three or four of the people just
sitting in chairs and they're just
staring at you as you walk up? so
obvious
>> and it's like do you do you feel in any
I would feel just like a lot of anxiety
just walking up and I you don't feel
that
>> in the past I have in the past it's
certain situations you you can kind of I
feel like you can scope out a situation
pretty pretty quick
>> and I I haven't felt like that the
situation you just described when
there's nobody at the yard sale and
there's a row of people that are you
know every eye is on you those are the
ones that it's like yeah this is a
little weird. Yeah,
>> I think part of it is I talk to, if you
watch my I'm talking to the camera
almost the entire video unless I'm
talking to somebody. So, I'm sitting
there at a yard sale and I'm talking I
imagine what people around me are
thinking because I'm sitting there just
talking away to a plush or whatever it
is.
>> And so, I think a lot of people
nowadays, they almost assume you're
filming.
>> And if somebody asks, I just tell them I
just here's my channel, go subscribe,
here's whatever. Well, that was the
reaction I would usually get like cuz I
did get asked a lot, you know, are you
filming? What's that for? And I'm like,
oh, I have a YouTube channel. And and
nine time or 99 95 times out of 100,
they're like, oh, cool. What is it?
>> What is it?
>> It's usually positive.
>> Yeah.
>> I usually ask you, you want to shout
anybody out? You want to say hi to your
girlfriend?
What? And that's the that's the thing
that happened to me personally too is
like that's that interaction that I just
told you guys about um was the worst cuz
it was so obnoxious. The guy was
screaming. It was like it was a
community sale and it was like in a
neighborhood and he was he was doing
that. He was going around to every house
saying those people are filming. Those
people filming and then also screaming
and yelling at us at in the street.
>> But I had other like instances of people
that were not okay with me filming. I
had one person call me an [__] once
just just just because
>> we live in the south, Ryan. We live in
the south.
>> And uh but those instances for me
personally made me self-conscious. Like
when we first started, I was fine with
it. It didn't bother me filming, but
those for me made it made me
self-conscious every time. Every time.
It didn't matter on the situation. I do
agree with a lot of times when I go into
a home, I will make sure they're aware
of it.
>> Yeah.
>> You know,
>> I I had Kevin, I had one time I had a an
estate sale a local estate sale runner.
>> They posted a picture of me.
>> Yeah. You told
>> on Facebook and it and there's all these
and then the comments below it are all
what a creep, what a loser, reseller
scum.
>> Oh my god. you know, like he that's
illegal. Blah blah blah. What? And I
read all that and I'm like,
it's it's terrible.
It's terri Oh, I've seen him. That guy's
a loser or something. You know what I
mean? It's like
>> Mhm.
>> And I was like, you know what? I was
like, you know what?
>> It's not worth it.
>> It's not But you know what the fact is?
Actually, the truth is it is worth it.
>> Yeah.
>> But I just wasn't strong. I wasn't I
wasn't strong enough to continue on to
be honest. I mean
>> for me it wasn't it wasn't worth it for
my mental health because I and and also
for the safety of my family.
>> Well they say you know necessity is the
mother of invention and I worked my butt
off for 20 years in the public school
system and coaching and when I quit
coaching I mean I poured my life into
this thing for 15 years and as a head
coach of a local that was a terrible
program. and I built it up. The day I
quit,
other than the kids who I coached, you
know, in the past,
>> nobody gave a rat's ass about it. Nobody
gave a They could have cared less about
what what I had poured into this thing
for peanuts.
>> Yep.
>> And then I started to think about that
in terms of my teaching as well, because
if I was going to do it, I was going to
be the best. I was going to do it. And
I'm like, it's going to be the exact
same way when I leave this room. I
taught in the same room for 21 years. I
walked out and never been back. And
nobody's other than a few friends.
Nobody said a word. And I busted my
butt. I'm like, hm, I'm going to bust my
butt for my kids and my family because
they're my kids and my family.
>> And at the same time, you're you're
making an an actual impact on the world
that is affecting the lives of thousands
of people
>> and changing people's lives, right? And
and having a positive um a positive
stamp on the world and giving you a
sense of purpose through that. On that
note, I'll thank Lonnie one more time
for that's exactly what you did for me.
And it wasn't just in the reselling
because I've been doing it forever.
>> But it was like, hey, the little guy can
do this. He's in a shed in his stinking
backyard.
>> I can do it. And it was that it wasn't
watching Pete that made me
>> think I could do this. Pete inspired me
to resell better and more, but the
social media of it was
>> this just I always reference the green.
I'm like, my wife would have never let
me get that green, but it was brilliant.
Well,
well, you know, it's uh it's come full
circle because now I'm I'm looking at a
lot of the things you do and I'm like,
"Oh, I I'm not going to copy it
verbatim, obviously, but I do see what
you do on Facebook
>> and uh with the short content because I
I'm I'm real like I got real comfortable
for a long time doing just doing the
same thing I was doing and the every the
everything changed around me and I
didn't.
>> Tell me if I'm wrong with this. Tell me
if I'm wrong,
>> okay?
>> Cuz you guys are close,
>> but you don't have a big circle.
Obviously, you brought Amber on. One of
the biggest things for me that helped me
go along that path was a group of like I
I I have some really good friends in the
in the reselling social media business.
Eric OBX and Tim over the years and
Cherno and Leroy and Dave and Carrie and
Rod and my best friend is Mike Death
Wild picker which is a strange
connection of two people but those just
having a group of people that
communicate it's like if something new
is out there that might fit me I know it
in a day and the same thing with those
guys that if I'm doing something and so
it kept me trying to build and to grow
in reselling and in social media. And it
sounds like you guys have been having
those conversations, especially about
Facebook and stuff lately because it is
a I I make more Facebook than I make on
the flipper channel. I'm not ever
quitting the flipper channel because I
like it much.
>> Yeah.
>> But it has expanded the audience and
helped me grow dit. I couldn't have done
dedit. We couldn't without
>> you always got to keep the main thing
the main thing like you like I you gotta
remember I think I I'm always careful to
remember like like selling on eBay for
me and and yeah I thought about selling
on whatnot life selling all all this
other stuff but for me it's always been
about
buying cool old stuff and selling it on
eBay because anybody can do that and you
know the re relatability of that
>> and That's one thing I've always tried
to do is to remember that eBay is my
main thing at least and and that has
been to my detriment at some point. But
>> But you're still here, Lonnie. You're
still here, dude. This stuff is littered
with with social media resellers who
decided to do something else and get
away from exactly what you're saying.
It's littered with it.
>> I could name 10 people that don't do
anything anymore because they took some
stupid steps. Like there are people
like, "Oh, I make all this on social
media. How do I cut out reselling?"
Well, people are watching you because
you're reselling the reseller. We get
these bloated ideas in our head of, "Oh,
we're whatever. So, they'll watch our
podcast because we're podcasters or
whatever." No, they'll watch your
podcast because you're you think
differently, you're creative, you're
helpful, you're thoughtful, you
communicate. There's so much more to it
than than quitting the main thing. So
related to that
>> that that's that's one thing about what
we do Kevin is that that's that's kind
of the trap and I know
>> you've done really good you've done
really well at like finding being
creative and you know finding ways kind
of out of the trap but
no matter what like we have to buy and
sell and pack and do all this work
>> just to be able to make a freaking
YouTube video and I I look at these
other like at other segments on YouTube
and they they like
I am like I am stuck and I I do I love
reselling but I have to do it.
>> Well, they know I think you know what I
mean.
>> Yeah. I think David Carrey know my fears
of not be as being viewed as a some kind
of a fraud as being viewed as you know
some guy who wants to shill an affiliate
link. They know that that is my fear. I
want to take advantage of those things.
And so they that's why they say,
>> you know, he doesn't pack anything.
That's a bunch of BS. But they take a
little bit of truth, which is I had to
hire somebody to help me with this live
selling. And they have
>> make it like I got a crew working in my
backyard because they know it scares me
because that's the legitimacy that
you're talking about. But I do think we
have something else in common and that
is I think both of us will probably
resell to the day we die or we can't do
that.
>> I don't have a choice. Yeah. I mean
>> I would I love it. I still love it.
>> Actually I I I love it too. But I would
really I think I feel like uh I feel
like I would love it a lot more if I if
I got to a point where I could just
spend maybe
u maybe a couple hours a day at it.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? like like uh maybe
buy and sell like like maybe sell uh
five cool things a day or something like
that, you know, and still
>> but like oh man, it's it's I I don't
think people understand how much work
this is.
>> Um
>> no doubt there's no way I don't know how
many hours you put in, but I mean I put
in 70 easy.
>> I was going to ask you that earlier. You
70 a week?
>> Yeah. And thank goodness I homeschool my
kids and stuff so they're always here. I
always make time, but man, it's a lot of
work.
>> I don't put in as much work as I used
to.
>> Um I used to put in those kind of hours.
Um and then when Candace joined me,
>> I I well I I I backed off some but it
wasn't healthy. It wasn't it wasn't a h
like I would I was working 12 hours
seven I was I was probably putting in
more like 70 to 80 not always the most
productive time to be honest
>> what's your how about your job Ryan what
what kind of hours are you doing
>> um I'm usually working it well it
depends on the time of year but uh like
right now it's it's a little bit lower
but generally in the summer months
you're probably looking at like
50 55 hours I would say. Um I'm leaving
the house at and and I live a little
ways away from where I work too. So like
I'm leaving the house at like 6 and then
I'm getting home generally around 5:30 5
to 5:30 at night.
>> Well, I don't know what you two are
doing, but with all that your your
Facebook feeds are starting to pop into
mine. So I followed both and they're
they're starting to pop like and Ryan's
outside of the niche and I'm getting it.
It's coming.
>> So, I guess that's good.
>> A good sign.
>> It's a good sign for sure.
>> But between
Ryan, between your um your full-time job
and what you do on social media and and
everything,
>> you probably put in more more hours than
I do, I would think. I think so.
Anyways,
>> yeah, pro probably. But that that that's
that I guess that's another reason why
because Kevin, you asked me why I quit
Thrift Mine. Um, that's another reason
why I'm doing what I'm doing now is
because I can do it. Like I the the I
can like with the job I have, I can edit
video here and there um like while I'm
at work
>> at, you know, and so that helps. And
then also it's for the most part, well
actually all of it is short form
content. So an edit will take me, I
don't know, 20 minutes max, maybe a
little longer. um depending on what it
is. But it it's and it's an avenue that
I can still have that creative outlook
and still hold my
>> my career the same as I did before and
also be a dad.
>> That was the same issue Dave was because
Dave made really good money.
>> Like dude, this is you know a little
crazy for Dave to do this. I didn't make
nothing. So it was easy. The COVID years
I had footage. It's when I kind of blew
up and I had time. I mean, there was
nobody in my classroom.
>> There was nobody there. I was teaching.
I was like, I could edit all day. It's
cool. And then that convinced me because
you could see a trajectory that's like,
ah,
>> whatever. I I can make this on social
media and more.
>> And that's what that's what finally got
me over the top. I don't know if this
will be the best video, but this will be
the longest video. I promise that. What
were you gonna say?
>> I know. I was going to ask were were you
did you actually retire like are you
drawing a pension and all that kind of
stuff or you didn't have quite enough
years in?
>> You got to get to 30 to have a full
pinion. I think 25. Um I kept I've kept
I've kept this is the last year my
teacher's license is still um I don't
think I'll re-up it.
>> I had more years to go before full
retirement. So I think Yeah.
>> Did you have anybody try and convince
you not to quit? everybody but my wife.
>> Wow.
>> She was the only one. But she knew. She
knew because she I pour myself into
whatever I'm doing. It doesn't matter.
So coaching and teaching that was just
it consumed me. So she's like I'd rather
be consumed at home doing something
else.
>> And it's worked. It's worked.
>> It makes sense though cuz I mean if if
you tell that to somebody that doesn't
understand YouTube and and what you're
doing, oh yeah, I'm quitting to be a
YouTuber. Like people Yeah. Okay. You're
you're crazy. You're crazy. Well, well,
nine times out of 10, it's not going to
work out.
>> Yeah. True.
>> The thing I've never said, I've, you
know, people ask me, should I quit this
and do this? Nope. Nope.
>> Right.
>> Shouldn't.
>> And what you said earlier, Kevin,
because I've seen I've seen like you
ever you ever hear like people like like
uh think that like determination and
never never ever giving up. No. Is this
is this
>> time to quit? is this virtue
>> like that's not I don't think that's the
virtue people think it is because like
what you said earlier when you said okay
I'm gonna upload every single day for a
year and I'm going to see what happens
>> like if if after that year if if you
would have if it wouldn't have worked
out and you would have quit like that's
cool because like you know what not
everybody is good at this
>> Yep right
>> as good not everybody can can replicate
what what Kevin does
>> yep you know And that's exactly what I
mean, thank goodness it worked, but I
still didn't quit.
>> I still I still coached another year. I
still taught another three years, you
know. I I was still cautious. You got to
be
>> You can't be stupid. But I did think
when I finally did quit teaching, I'm
like,
>> I could walk back into any school around
here and they give me my job back. It
was five years from now. Sois big risk.
No, it's not a risk. If you're if you
give up a $300,000 a year job that you
can't get back, that's a big risk.
But if you have a $300,000 a year job,
you can get that back, too, because
obviously you have some skill set or
whatever. There's something about you
that somebody's paying 300K for,
>> you know.
>> But I I really I really Right. I really
like what you said about that though
because I I do see I have seen so many
and you probably have too so many people
that have tried to do this YouTube thing
over the years and for whatever reason
it doesn't resonate with the audience.
They're not good at it. Their
personality doesn't fit. People don't
like them for what may doesn't mean
they're a bad person. it doesn't work
and for whatever reason it never will
work no matter how hard they try and
they keep on trying and they think
there's some virtue in that
>> and there's not
>> nope I 100% agree it's foolish at some
point and maybe a year was foolish
>> but um
>> I don't think so
>> that was a good that was a good run at
it
>> well obviously it wasn't
>> no thank goodness like I said my life is
who would have thought there'd be
reselling celebrities I Samford in some
the other day. I'm like reselling
celebrity right there.
>> Was that Was that you that po you posted
that you made a post about U Yeah. Oh
man,
>> I'm going to post another one. Don't
steal it, Lonnie. I don't know how you
like to steal my
>> Oh, wait. Hang on. Let me get my
>> That first episode I took. I'm like, I
wonder how old he is in that. I'm
waiting for my birthday when I turn 49
because he was 49 years old. He looks
like he's 80 in that. I'm gonna post
that when I turn turn 49.
>> The dad in Sanford and son.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> 49.
>> Oh my god. My memory sucks so bad. What
was his name?
>> Uh Red Fox.
>> Red Fox. Thank you. Okay,
>> man. He was immensely popular. Like they
have uh you see the records. You see the
vinyl sometimes, right? Like the old
vinyl records and stuff from
>> better than Bill Cosby actually as a
person, you know. No.
>> Right. Right.
>> It's good stuff.
>> Oh boy. But but Kevin, um you know what,
man? I I wanna I want to thank you again
for u
>> absolutely
>> for, you know, just for being
open-minded and uh giving me another
shot and um
>> always always thank you for being
open-minded and maybe I I like to think
maybe you put yourself in my shoes a
couple of times and sometimes that's
what you got to do.
>> Yep.
>> So, but I appreciate you. Always will.
Even even even if this never happened, I
still would appreciate you because of
like I said, it was watching your show
that thought that made me think I could
do this. Not that was not an insult, not
like I could do what this guy
>> if he if he can do it anybody,
>> but it was just a common, you know,
you're no different than any other
reseller out there.
>> Right. Right.
>> But yeah, man, this is this has been
this has been a lot of fun, dude. And uh
we I your time uh your time is valuable.
I guess right now we're probably taking
away time from your family. So thank
them for
>> letting us I promised them. Thank you.
Thank you both. And I am going to run so
we can't have our conversation now. But
I'm looking forward to it. And Ryan,
thank you. I appreciate
>> Absolutely.
>> Whoa. Did he leave?
>> I think he did.
>> Oh, he left. All right, guys. Well,
thanks for watching.
Wow, that was
>> I think he probably hit that by
accident.
>> I think he did, too. But that's okay.
>> That's fine.
>> But yeah, uh Kevin, if you watch this
back later, thanks a bunch, man. That
was uh
>> Absolutely.
>> That that that was that was a lot of
fun.
>> That was great. All right, guys. We'll
see you.
That's why